Q0. Please answer the following questions in your own words.

1. What makes a model "linear"? "Linear" in what?

A model is linear when the coefficients are linear, meaning that they are not 
raised to any power and don’t have any other functions performed on them. 
Traditional linear regression also has all of the variables as linear (meaning 
they are just a number with no functions performed to it), but you can also  
do linear regression where some or all of the variables are polynomial. 

2. How do you interpret the coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable? (This 
is a trick question, and the trick involves how you handle the intercept of the  
model.) There's further explanation at the end of this document, if needed.

You interpret the coefficient for a one-hot-encoded variable as the value of 
what would have been the coefficient for the dummy column that you had to drop. 
Including all of the dummy columns and an intercept would be redundant because  
all of the dummy columns sum to a column of ones, and the intercept is also a 
column of ones. This means that when you drop one of the dummy columns and have 
an intercept instead, the intercept takes on what would have been the coefficient 
of that column (in the case that only one categorical variable, meaning their 
corresponding set of dummy variables, is included). If you are regressing a 
numeric variable on one categorical variable, then the intercept will be the 
average of the numeric variable in the category that the dropped dummy column 
represents.  

3. Can linear regression be used for classification? Explain why, or why not.
Linear regression can’t be used for classification. It creates a prediction for 
a numeric variable using inputs of other numeric variables, meaning that the 
information the model gives you is a prediction for a model, not a classification. 
The only way this could possibly be used to classify something is if the variable 
you’re trying to classify has numeric thresholds, and even then the model wouldn’t 
give the classification, you’d have to use the numeric guess for the target 
variable and compare that to the given thresholds to get the classification. 

4. If you have a high accuracy on training but low on testing, what might be the 
problem? It also might be you see a pattern in the residuals.

This might mean that the model is overfit to the training data. If you include 
too many variables, the model can get so specific to the training data that it 
doesn’t work very well with any other data. Overfitting the model makes it not 
useful, because it only really reflects the patterns in the training data and 
not overall patterns, so the predictions on new data (what we’re using the model 
for) won’t be very accurate. 

5. Review this page: Non-Linear with Linear What are two ways to incorporate 
nonlinear relationships between your target/response/dependent/outcome variable  
and your features/control/response/independent variables ?

One way to incorporate nonlinear relationships between your target variable and 
your features is to use PolynomialFeatures to add more features to the data that 
are polynomials of a feature (like a feature squared or cubed). Then, you can 
still use linear regression which will also assign coefficients to the new 
polynomial features, meaning that the regression will end up with a curved line, 
looking more like a polynomial equation. Another way to incorporate nonlinear 
relationships is to use a polynomial kernel with a set degree which will assign 
different weights to some of the samples, creating a polynomial equation of the 
given degree that represents the data. 

6. What is the interpretation of the intercept? A slope coefficient for a variable? 
The coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable?

The interpretation for the of the intercept is the value that the target variable 
would have if the values for all of the variables in the model were zero. A slope 
coefficient for a variable is how much the target variable increases when that 
variable increases by one. This means that the slope coefficient shows how impactful 
a variable is, with a high slope coefficient meaning that a small change in that 
variable results in a large change in the target variable. The slope coefficient 
can also be positive or negative, with a positive one meaning that the variable 
increasing has a positive effect on the target variable and a negative one meaning 
that an increase in the given variable has a negative relationship in the target 
variable. The coefficient for a dummy variable is the difference between the average 
value of the target variable for the category represented by the dummy variable and 
the intercept of the model. 
